feat(apple): Set installation id as user id (#2427)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/set-user/apple.mdx

user.email = @"john.doe@example.com";
[SentrySDK setUser:user];
```

> Since 6.0.1: If no user is set the SDK uses the installation id of the SDK as the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since 6.0.1: Sentry will by fallback to `installationId` if you do not provide a user identity.
```

Reviewer: so it's similar to https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/android/enriching-events/identify-user/

> Since 6.0.1: If no user is set the SDK uses the installation id of the SDK as the
> user id of the event before queuing it for submission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since 6.0.1: Sentry will by fallback to `installationId` if you do not provide a user identity.
```
